[ML] ECS Grok patterns in the _text_structure/find_structure endpoint (#88982)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/text-structure/apis/find-structure.asciidoc

"timestamp". If `grok_pattern` is not specified, the structure finder creates a
Grok pattern.

> `ecs_compatibility`::
> (Optional, string) The mode of compatibity with ECS compliant Grok patterns.
> When the structure finder creates a Grok pattern you can use this parameter to
> specify whether to use ECS Grok patterns instead of the legacy ones. Valid values
> are `disabled` and `v1`. The default value is `disabled`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ecs_compatibility`::
(Optional, string) The mode of compatibility with ECS compliant Grok patterns.
Use this parameter to specify whether to use ECS Grok patterns instead of
legacy ones when the structure finder creates a Grok pattern. Valid values
are `disabled` and `v1`. The default value is `disabled`. This setting primarily
has an impact when a whole message Grok pattern such as `%{CATALINALOG}`
matches the input. If the structure finder identifies a common structure but
has no idea of meaning then generic field names such as `path`, `ipaddress`,
`field1` and `field2` are used in the `grok_pattern` output, with the intention
that a user who knows the meanings rename these fields before using it.
```
